0.6.2 update (#161)
dortania/OpenCore-Install-Guide: clover-conversion/README.md

* `Misc -> Security -> AllowNvramReset -> True`

And on your initial boot of OpenCore, select `ClearNvram` boot option. This will wipe everything and reboot the system when finished.

## Optional: Avoiding SMBIOS injection into other OSes

> By default OpenCore will inject SMBIOS data into all OSes, the reason for this is 2 parts:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default OpenCore will inject SMBIOS data into all OSes - there are two reasons for this:
```
